S4MK3: add support for screens (#703)
mixxxdj/manual: source/hardware/controllers/native_instruments_traktor_kontrol_s4_mk3.rst

Reviewer: I am having trouble figuring out how the effect banks work just by the big table. Can you have a specific section that describes how to load an effect into a deck, activate it, and adjust it?

Screens
^^^^^^^

The controller screens are supported, but they require a little bit of tinkering. Due to the legacy controller engine, the screen are driven by a separate mapping, which will have to be set independently of the controller mapping.

   .. note:: The screens rendering is done using QML and the communication is achieved via BULK USB endpoint. Both of these feature are not available out of the box on Windows and Mac for now.

By default, the screens are standalone, meaning they do not interact with the device states. This means that local state such as deck selection or shifting will not trigger any screen interaction, and thus you should expect only Deck A and B to be displayed on these screen by default, although this can be changed in the controller settings.

>    .. note:: it exists an API that was temporary parked that allows mappings to communicate. If you want, you may build a version of Mixxx with feature and you should be able to enable the feature in the controller settings.

Reviewer 2: Let's add a link to the branch/PR.
If someone is willing to try this it should be as easy as possible IMO.

Reviewer 2: ah, it's mentioned at line 448

Author: I have added the link directly there now

2. **Grid**: The track's detected beats will be move forward or backward on the waveform.
3. **BPM**: The track's detected BPM will be increased or decreased.
4. **Keyboard**: The keyboard's keys displayed on pads get moved up or down to display higher or lower keynotes.

> 5. **Hotcue color**: When selecting a hotcue, the move encoder can be used to change the selected color.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. **Hotcue color**: When holding both :hwlabel:`HOTCUES` and a hotcue, the move encoder can be used to change the selected color.
```

Here is how to tell use each modes:

+--------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Mode         |                                                                     |
+==============+=====================================================================+
| Beat         | This mode is enable if no other mode are enabled                    |
+--------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Grid         | This mode is enabled while :hwlabel:`GRID` is held down             |
+--------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------+
| BPM          | This mode is enabled while :hwlabel:`SHIFT` + :hwlabel:`GRID` are   |
|              | held down                                                           |
+--------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Keyboard     | This mode is enabled while STEM is held down                        |
+--------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | Hotcue color | This mode is enabled while HOTCUE is held down                      |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Hotcue color | This mode is enabled while :hwlabel:`HOTCUES` is held down                      |
```

Here is how to tell use each modes:

+--------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Mode         |                                                                             |
+==============+=============================================================================+
| Beat         | This mode is enable if no other mode are enabled                            |
+--------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Grid         | This mode is enabled while :hwlabel:`GRID` is held down                     |
+--------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| BPM          | This mode is enabled while :hwlabel:`SHIFT` + :hwlabel:`GRID` are           |
|              | held down                                                                   |
+--------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Keyboard     | This mode is enabled while :hwlabel:`SHIFT` + :hwlabel:`STEM` is held down  |
+--------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | Hotcue color | This mode is enabled while :hwlabel:`HOTCUES` is held down                  |

Reviewer 2: Yes.

> | Hotcue color | This mode is enabled while :hwlabel:`HOTCUES` is held down                  |

Reviewer 2: Maybe you didn't activate Hotcue mode?
It's not the default mode (that's hotcue+intro/outro), but you make it in the settings.

> | Hotcue color | This mode is enabled while :hwlabel:`HOTCUES` is held down                  |

Reviewer 2: Oh, it's also working in Hotcues+Intro/Outro mode, just the hotcues 1-4 are in the bottom row.

> | Hotcue color | This mode is enabled while :hwlabel:`HOTCUES` is held down                  |

Reviewer: I don't understand how this can work in stock 2.6.

While hotcue is held, I press a hotcue, and that calls updateRuntimeData.  updateRuntimeData checks hasRuntimeDataAPI, and when that returns false, because that does not exist in 2.6, it does not update the data, so this.deck.selectedHotcue is not set.  So then when I twist the knob, nothing happens because the hotcue is not selected.

So if this PR does require the screens PR to be merged, I'm confused, I thought we did code first and manual second? Or is the idea that we are updating the manual first with the assumption that the screens PR will be in 2.6?

> | Hotcue color | This mode is enabled while :hwlabel:`HOTCUES` is held down                  |

Reviewer: ok I figured it out -- you cannot push the hotcue pad you want to change until you've held the hotcue mode button for the longpress time.  So if I push them both simultaneously, or one and the other quickly, the hotcue is not selected and the change doesn't work.  Instead, we should probably set selected hotcue value whenever that pad is pressed, regardless of current mode.

> | Hotcue color | This mode is enabled while :hwlabel:`HOTCUES` is held down                  |

Reviewer: I think just setting the selected pad value regardless of mode would at least fix the immediate discoverability issue

> | Hotcue color | This mode is enabled while :hwlabel:`HOTCUES` is held down                  |

Reviewer: you could clear the selected hotcue state when the hotcue selector button is released.  

at the very least, let's clarify the docs to say that the user has to hold the hotcue button down before pressing the hotcue pad.

2. **Grid**: The track's detected beats will be move forward or backward on the waveform.
3. **BPM**: The track's detected BPM will be increased or decreased.
4. **Keyboard**: The keyboard's keys displayed on pads get moved up or down to display higher or lower keynotes.

> 5. **Hotcue color**: When selecting a hotcue, the move encoder can be used to change the selected color.

Reviewer 2: While the hotcue button is pressed?

Reviewer 2: Oh, it's explained below..

Reviewer 2: IMO it would be better to explain the modes first then refer to them in each component section.

Author: Are you suggesting to swap the list and table

There are various option that can be used to change some behavior:

============================================================================================== =========================================== ================================================================================================================= ===================================================================================== ======================================================================================================================================================================================================================================

> Setting                                                                                        Variable value                              Default                                                                                                           Range                                                                                 Description

Reviewer 2: My experience with this table:
* the content is very wide and I have to scroll horizontally to check the description for example
* I don't need the `Variable value` column. If I'd be interested, I'd look at the settings in the js file
-> this would reduce the table width
* in the `Default` column we may remove the the prefix (LEDColors etc.) and just show the values
-> this would reduce the table width

Author: Since 2.4 is EOL, I'm tempted to remove a  lot actually, since with the SettingsAPI, you shouldn't have to edit the file, except if you are hacking around. Wdyt?
